Marilyn Morales 							May 3rd, 2017
Final Project

Global Warming
The beginning of the end
Global warming isn’t a prediction. It is happening.

Home: Earth at risk
Imagine yourself 10 years from now: 
You hear all over the news that the climate is rising to a very extreme temperature
The glaciers are starting to melt
The heat is becoming more and more intense
The sea levels are rising
Many forest diseases are starting to spread to the north. 
Over the past years the climate around the world has dramatically changed and there’s nothing we can do about it. Or is there?

Info: What is global warming?
Global warming is the stage where the temperature of the earth is increasing and the atmosphere’s layer that is protecting us from the sun’s radiation is becoming thinner and thinner each time.The planet is warming up each year rapidly due to carbon dioxide. 
Effects of Global Warming:
Melting of glaciers:
Due to global warming, the level sea will rise because of the melting of glaciers soon many animals such as polar bears, seals and penguins living on earth will be at risk. 
With glaciers melting at a rapid speed soon there won’t be any way to reverse the damage that is being caused.
Puts at risk ecosystems
Climate Increase:
Increase of precipitation will occur on the coast
More evaporation which will cause more rain in some parts of the world
Animals and plants will have trouble adapting to the new climate since there will be an increase in rain.
Many animals and plants will not survive 
Animals will try to migrate 
Diseases:
As temperature increases it can affect the health of humans
Water born diseases are likely to spread like malaria
Rise of sea levels:
The melting of glaciers are causing the sea levels in the artic to rise
Cities near the U.S east coast are starting to have a flood damage
Gallery(6 pictures)
Famous people talk about Global warming:
“Climate change is real, it is happening right now. It is the most urgent threat facing our entire species, and we need to work collectively together and stop procrastinating” -Leonardo DiCaprio
“The earth is not dying, it is being killed. And the people who are killing it have names and addresses”
		-Utah Phillips
“And no challenge poses a greater threat to future generations than climate change”
		-President Barack Obama

What YOU can do:
Buy LED light bulbs which uses up to 80 percent less energy than conventional incandescents. 
Drive Gas-smart cars
Cover your pots while cooking
Take a shower instead of a bath
Clean, reuse, recycle 
Plant a tree
Switch to green power

Sites: More websites to learn more information
(https://climate.nasa.gov/evidence/)
(http://www.nationalgeographic.com/environment/global-warming/global-warming-overview/)

YOU CAN MAKE A DIFFERENCE, BE THE HERO NOT THE VILLAIN!

Font pairs: 
Playfair Display and Alice

Possible colors:
https://color.adobe.com/Copy-of-Cyan-Elvedes-2-color-theme-9531192/


